SonicStreamer Source Code License, version 0.1

Copyright (C) 2017 Alexander Preibisch

Licensor: Alexander Preibisch

Software: SonicStreamer

License Grant. Licensor hereby grants to each recipient of the
Software ("you") a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free and
fully-paid-up license, under all of the Licensor's copyright and
patent rights, to use, copy, distribute, prepare derivative works of,
publicly perform and display the Software, subject to the conditions 
set forth below.

Prohibited Commercial Usage. Under no circumstances shall you be 
permitted, allowed or authorized to commercially exploit the Software. 
Neither you nor anyone at your direction shall do any of the following 
acts with regard to the Software, or any portion thereof: Rent; Sell; 
Lease; Offer on a pay-per-play basis; Distribute for money or any other 
consideration; In any other manner and through any medium whatsoever 
commercially exploit or use for any commercial purpose.

Conditions. Redistribution in source code or other forms must include
a copy of this license document to be provided in a reasonable
manner. Any redistribution of the Software is only allowed subject to
this license.

Trademarks. This license does not grant you any right in the
trademarks, service marks, brand names or logos of Licensor.

DISCLAIMER. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OR
CONDITION, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. LICENSORS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE.

Termination. If you violate the terms of this license, your rights
will terminate automatically and will not be reinstated without the
prior written consent of Licensor. Any such termination will not
affect the right of others who may have received copies of the
Software from you.